Good morning. the Gomoras!
-It's your birthday!
-Wow!
-Happy Birthday!
-My brother!
Hip hip hooray! Bring out the balloons!
Happy birthday. my brother.
Happy birthday.
-Thank you.
-You're here now. You're here.
-Never. Never. What?
-Getting old now. He's getting old.
-Seriously.
-Who?
So. tell me. brother.
What are we doing tonight?
You know that's Joyce's thing.
She's handling it.
-Oh. I know her very well.
-She's on top of it.
I know she's very good at what she does.
My boy. give me a high five
and another one.
There we go. Eat your bread.
Stop messing around. It's a problem.
Ah. there we go.
-Baby girl. are you okay?
-I'm all right.
Good. good.
Come on. friend. You can't compare
yourself to other people.
-I don't know.
-Out of all people.
you should know better
than to trust social media. man.
We're watching these people.
and yes. they have their issues.
but despite everything.
there are moments when you can
actually see genuine happiness.
I thought that we could also make it work.
but then…
…clearly I've been fooling myself.
-Hmm.
-I'm in the depths of hell.
I'm on fire.
I didn't want to tell you. but I don't
think polygamy is for everyone. friend.
It really isn't. hey.
I just feel like I'm in hell.
Friend. you gave Jonasi the permission
to have his cake and eat it too.
You know. I wish I knew
what to do about all of this.
At this point. I don't think
there's anything you can do.
You also went and told the whole world
that you guys are okay. right?
No. this isn't fine.
You can still walk away.
I love him. Zodwa.
It's his birthday today.
So. maybe what we need
is just to spend time together.
-You know?
-I can't. my friend.
I need time.
Yesterday. I made a decision
to just cancel his birthday dinner
reservation at the restaurant. friend.
His annual birthday dinner plans as well.
I just can't.
I can't do it.
Well. I'm proud of you.
-You're proud?
-Mm-hmm.
-Proud?
Well done.
I appreciate you.
Ah.
You see now? You see now?
-Hmm?
-Happy birthday to you
Happy birthday to you
Happy birthday. dear Jo
-Mmm. mmm. mmm.
-Happy birthday to you
You know what. I should just
get in my car and head to you right now.
Calm down.
This is only just a sneak-peek.
I've got more for you tonight.
I asked a second nanny
to help Jane with the kids.
Uh. tonight is going to be a bit tricky
because birthdays are Joyce's thing.
You do understand that
it's your first birthday as my husband?
As my official husband?
I know. You know these past three weeks
have been very tricky.
Let's not make things worse.
Oh. my gosh.
Okay. you know what?
This coming weekend is all ours.
Okay?
I'll book us a place. It'll be exotic.
We'll go to the beach
where you and I can be naked.
You know what. Jonasi? Gomora.
Enjoy your birthday with your wife
who you love more than anything.
-Wow.
-Goodbye.
Hmm.
Joyce?
Joyce.
Hmm. you've finally arrived. Hello.
Hello.
You're drinking?
Hold on… …what…
What day is it today?
It's Thursday.
What?
Why did you call me back home?
Oh. yes.
The toilet in the en-suite isn't working.
Why didn't you call the plumber?
And why should I call a plumber?
I won't stay here.
Being miserable like you
and drinking alcohol.
-Now I'm miserable.
-I didn't ask for a second wife. You did.
Joyce. I've apologized.
I followed all your rules.
What do you want from me?
What do you want?
What are we doing tonight?
I don't know. hey.
but. uh. the night is still young.
I'm in no rush.
I'm just chilling. I'ma relax.
-This is rubbish.
-What? What are you doing?
What do you want us to do?
What's with him?
My goodness. What's the matter?
Oh. my princess.
What's the matter?
Huh? Oh. Hello.
-Hello. hello.
-Just stop it. Stop it.
-Stop it.
-Baby. what's wrong?
Please go put them in a vase.
A vase? Forget the vase.
because I want you. What vase?
Didn't you say Joyce is throwing you
a massive party? What are you doing here?
Listen. you and I just got married.
and I just want
to spend my birthday with you.
-Mmm. Okay.
-Let's go to the bedroom.
-You know what. I'm glad you arrived…
-Let's go.
…so you can assist me with the babies
because I'm tired. Jonasi.
-You're tired?
-I'm tired.
-Tired from what?
-Take your child.
and help Jane with the kids.
-Okay. wait. wait. Just hold on. Slowly.
-Here. Take your child.
-Take her!
-Calm down!
-What are you doing?
-Calm the baby down.
I'll just put the tip.
Ah. my goodness.
Oh. Jane.
-Ah. greetings. Mr. Gomora.
-Oh. thank goodness. Please take her.
-Please take her. take her.
-There we go.
-I need to rush somewhere.
-Sorry. my girl.
What are they doing to you? Hmm?
-Let me get out of here.
-Huh?
Here.
To me and you.
You smell amazing.
Hold on.
Hold on. there's a car outside.
-Hold on a minute.
-Okay.
-There's a car outside.
-What is it?
Hey. hey. hey.
-That's my husband.
-What?
That's my husband!
You're married. Essie?
Where is everyone?
Oh?
So. you're here.
Are my eyes deceiving me right now?
What's wrong?
It's really him.
-Hey--
-Dad!
Hey. boy! Hey. boy!
Ah. no. Dad.
Are you high?
You've been drinking. haven't you?
He's going to kill you
if he finds you here.
-Go. go. go. go.
-Where am I supposed to go. Essie?
Make a plan.
It's been a while.
You know. my mother.
she has a surprise upstairs for you!
Surprise?
-Get out. Leave. leave.
-Essie.
Get out. I'll call you.
-Mm-hmm.
-And what surprise is that?
-Let's go upstairs--
-Oh. Gomora.
Out of the way.
-Wow.
-Hello.
-What are you doing here?
-What am I doing here?
You complain when I'm here.
You complain when I'm not here.
Uh. I'm not complaining.
Wow.
-You're not complaining?
-Stop it.
Uh. what I'm trying to say. uh.
you're usually not here on your birthday.
so I'm just surprised to see you.
-Oh?
-I thought I wouldn't see you.
-Apparently there's a surprise upstairs.
-Uh…
The surprise is me
wishing you a happy birthday.
Come on. my love.
-Hmm.
-Oh. oh. Freedom. please go to the car.
There's some money there.
Please get a nice surprise for Jonasi.
-And call Sarah. okay?
-Okay.
-Would you like some food?
-Yes?
-Food? Let's go upstairs.
-Ah.
-Hold on. I just want you.
-Okay.
Come here. There we go.
-What's wrong? Hmm?
-Oh! Uh-uh.
Oh. Mpume.
-Are you done eating already?
-I don't have an appetite.
Okay. You know what?
I can tell we all don't have an appetite.
Why don't we ask Ntombi
to make us some dessert?
Maybe she can serve us some ice cream?
How's that?
Guys.
Is this how things are going to be?
Being a family that doesn't talk?
Just be down and depressed like this?
Come on.
My baby.
you're off to varsity in two weeks.
I'm sure there's lots of things
you'd like us to talk about.
No?
Okay. my boy. what about you?
Surely there has to be some sort of
office gossip that's been going around
that we can talk about?
Sorry. Mom.
Sorry that we can't pretend
as if nothing happened.
I just wish our family
could go back to how it used to be.
-And be a normal family.
-Normal?
-He hid an entire family.
-He's still your father. He's your dad.
-Menzi.
-He still deserves your respect.
I wonder what lies he's been feeding you
when you guys are cruising to work.
Stop!
Listen here.
I'm not going to sit here and watch
you both rip each other into shreds
over a man that's out there
living his best life!
Do you hear me?
Celebrating his birthday without us?
Must be nice.
Yes. Mpume.
It's your father's birthday today.
But you see this.
what we have here…
it's our peace. Right here.
And I am not…
I'm not going to allow him
to take that from us.
Not anymore.
Happy birthday to you
-Happy birthday. dear Daddy
-Happy birthday. dear Husband
-Happy birthday to you
-Hip hip!
Hooray!
Hip hip! Hooray!
-Here's your cake…
-Mm-hmm.
…so blow your candles and make a wish.
My goodness.
-Forty-five.
-Yes.
You're old now.
There we go.
-Take a picture. Freedom.
-Yes.
What are we doing now?
We're taking pictures.
-Mmm.
-Goodness.
-All right. sure.
-Take the picture.
Let's see them. I don't trust him.
-Wow.
-They're gorgeous.
Whatever you do. please don't post
those pictures on social media.
Uh. don't worry. Dad. I won't post them.
That's my girl.
-Freedom. take the knife and cut the cake.
-Let's have some cake.
-Here we go.
-Here we go. Ah.
Take the-- Goodness!
Freedom. what are you doing?
What's the problem?
You've never seen someone
eating a cake before?
Since I was born.
no one has ever bothered to buy me a cake.
Or maybe even some sweet treats even.
Have you lost your mind?
Jonasi. you think you can leave
your Gomora house and just waltz in here?
And expect us to praise you and bow down?
Our dear God has arrived. Lord Jonasi.
-Who are you talking to like that?
-I'm talking to you.
-You're full of shit. Jonasi.
-I'm what?
Freedom. stop it.
-I'm full of shit?
-Yes. you. bra.
I'll hit you and shove your face
into this cake.
-I'll make you eat this cake!
-Stop!
-I'll make you eat this cake.
-Do it.
I'll hit you and kill you!
-Jonasi. that's enough!
-Beat me!
Leave it. leave it.
Let's go celebrate somewhere else.
Freedom?
-Have you lost your mind?
-Hey. hey. hey.
Piss off. you hear?
Piss off!
You call that man your father?
That man has hid you for 19 years. Sarah.
19 fucking years. man!
He made everyone believe
that your father is Magesh.
You are full of shit
just like your mother.
Freedom.
Hey. hey. hey!
Yes!
Oh. Jonasi. what a surprise.
Is this you who can dance like that?
I thought the suburbs
had killed your moves.
You can take me out of the township.
but you can never take the township
out of me.
Let's celebrate.
-Yes!
-Yes. yes. yes.
-Let's go.
-Why are we leaving?
We're still having a good time.
I'm turned on now.
Oh.
-I'm good. let's go now.
-Uh. young lady. thank you.
Oh. I've had enough. Let's go.
-Wow!
-Let's go.
-Please stop the car. I need to pee.
-What?
-I really need to pee.
-Where? Here?
-Oh. my goodness.
-Okay. okay.
I'll just find a spot to park.
My goodness.
-Don't go too far.
-Oh. my.
-There are snakes here.
-Oh. my. Oh. my.
Oh.
Go closer to the light. I can't see you.
-Oh. my goodness.
-Yes. right there. There we go.
There we go.
When you do things like this.
I get aroused.
I want you now.
Stop.
-You know. it is on.
-Stop.
We need to open elsewhere.
Oh!
Oh. Sarah?
You're still up at this time?
Yes. Mom.
Wow.
I hope you're not talking to boys.
-Hmm?
-No. Dad. Don't worry.
I'm making invitations
for my coming-of-age ceremony.
Huh?
I'm sorry. What are you doing?
Invitations for my ceremony. Dad.
Listen. Sarah.
I need you to listen carefully.
There won't be any ceremony
held in this home.
Do you understand?
Everything you've written down.
all those invitations? Delete them.
There won't be any ceremony for you.
You're not getting anything. you hear me?
I won't keep repeating myself!
-Sarah.
-Look at her. Look.
-No.
-Sarah. wait!
You're spoiling this child!
Damn it. That was no way to speak to her.
You're not even trying to hear her out
or even consider her feelings.
She wants to do things
that will never happen.
Would you say no to Mpume
if she wanted this?
-Leave that.
-Whatever. damn it.
Sarah!
-This child is going to ruin everything.
-Sarah!
This child is going to
ruin everything I've built!
Hey. just keep quiet or leave!
Sarah.
-Sarah?
-Leave me alone. Ma.
Please. my child. open up.
Please leave me alone.
I won't allow you to break Sarah's heart
like you've done with mine
all these years.
-You're crazy. I'm leaving.
-Oh. I'm crazy now? I'm crazy?
Is that why you treat us like this?
Because I chose to stay in Soweto.
While others got
a better life in the suburbs.
Now you're looking down on me and my kids?
You treat us like shit. Jonasi.
-Have I ever said that?
-You don't need to say it.
What does Matipa and her kids have
that's different from myself and Sarah?
Jonasi. I know when you look at me.
I'm a reminder of your past
that you're trying to run away from.
Something you look down on.
If that's the case. just know
that you and I come from the same place.
no matter how much you look down on me.
-You're talking shit.
-You're full of shit. Fuck off!
And I'm done being your toilet!
Happy birthday. sir.